slow down. the more you undderstan , the less you have to memorize
Don't just read. Stop and think. When the book ask you a question don't just skip to the answe. Imagine that someone really is asking the question. The more deeply you force your brain to think, the bettert chance you have of learning and rememerbing 
Do the exercises , Write your own notes 
We put them in but if we did them for you , that would be like having someone else do your workouts for you. And don't just look at the exercises. Use a pencil. There's plenty of evidence that physical activity while learning can incresea the learning
Read the " There are no dumb questions
That means all of them. There are not optional sidebars they are part of the core content Don't skip them 

Make this the last thing you read before bed. Or at least the last challenging thing 
Part of the learning ( especially the transfer to long-term memory ) happnens after you put the book down. Your brain needs time on its own , to do more processing. If you put in something new during that processing time , some of what you just learned will be lost 

Drink Water . Losts of it 
Your brain works best in a nice bath of fluid . Dehydration which can happen before you ever feel thirsty decreseas cognitive function 
Talk about it . Out lout 
Speaking activates a different part of the brain . If you are trying to understand something , say it out loud . Better still, try to explain it out loud someone else. You will learn more quickly , and you might uncover idease you had not known were there when you were reading about it 

Listen to your brain 
Pay attention to whether your brain is getting overloaded . If you find yourself starting to skim the surface or forget what you just read, it's time for a break. Once you go fast a certain point , you won't learn faster by trying to shove more in 
Listen to your brain 

Feel something

your brain needs to know that this matters . Get involved with the stories. Make up your onw captiopns for the photos. Groaning over a bad joke is still better than feeling nothing at all 
