The user's perspective is similar to viewing an iceberg. Users mainly observe the result of the business logic code but this is only a small part of what builds that the app's complete functionality. Like an iceberg that is mostly underwater and hidden from view, we don't see most of the code in an enterprise app because It's provided by dependencies.

Use the Spring IoC container to manage object instances easier and glue in other functionalities Spring provides.

Use the Spring Security to implement the authentication and authorization configurations 

Use Spring MVC or Spring Web Flux to implement the Rest endpoints called by the client apps or other backend solutions 

Use Spring Data to connect to the SQL and No SQL databases your backend app uses to persist the data 

Use Spring Boot to ease the complexity of your configurations and write less code to implement the app 

Use Spring Integration or Spring for Apache Kafka to more easily send messages to your JMS and Kafka topics


### *.1 Why should we use frameworks ?

- In this section, we discuss frameworks. What are they?. How did this concept appear, and why ?. To be motivated to use something, you need to know how that something brings you value. And that's also the case with Spring. I will teach you these essential details by sharing the knowledge I gathered form my own experience and by studying and using various frameworks in real-world scenarios , including Spring.

- An application framework is a set of functionalities on top of which we build applications. The application framework provides us a board set of tools and functionalities that you can use to build apps. You don't need to use all the features the framework offers. Depending on the requirements  of the app you make, you will choose the right part of the framework to use.

-  Here's an analogy I like for application framework. Did you ever buy a piece of furniture from a  DIY store like Ikea?. Say you buy a wardrobe - you won't get an assembled wardrobe, but the right component you need build it and a manual on how to assemble your piece of furniture. Now imagine you ordered a wardrobe, but instead of getting only the components you need , you get all the possible components you can use to assemble any piece of furniture : a table, a wardrobe, and so on. If you want a wardrobe you have to find the right parts and assemble them. It's like an application framework. The application framework offers you various pieces of software you need to build your app. You need to know what features to choose and how to assemble them to achieve the right result.


